Add CI (#1)
silverstripe/roadmap: README.md

# Silverstripe CMS roadmap and support timeline JSON

Holds `data.json` used for the Silverstripe CMS roadmap and support timeline

The other files in the repository are for validating that data.json is valid in ci

## What to update when a new version of Silverstripe CMS is released

> As part of a Silverstripe CMS release, when there is certainty about the exact day the release is happening (which is probably on the actual day of the release), the `"releaseDate"` node of the release should be updated to be in `"YYYY-MM-DD"` format (NOT `"YYYY-MM"` format)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of a Silverstripe CMS release, after the release has been tagged, the `"releaseDate"` node of the release should be updated to be in `"YYYY-MM-DD"` format (NOT `"YYYY-MM"` format)
```
Better to have the timeline update when the tag is actually available. While it's not _super_ likely someone will see it before the release is out, there _is_ a chance that if we updated it early someone would try to install a version that hasn't been released stable.

Author: Updated

> You will likely also need to update the `partialSupport"` and/or `"supportEnds"` nodes of some prior releases to the same `"YYYY-MM-DD"` date as the current version `"releaseDate"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will likely also need to update the `partialSupport"` and/or `"supportEnds"` nodes of some prior releases to the same `"YYYY-MM-DD"` date as the current version `"releaseDate"` and review any `releaseDateExtra`, `supportEndsExtra`, and `statusOverride` values.
```

Author: Updated

# Silverstripe CMS roadmap and support timeline JSON

> Holds data.son used for the Silverstripe CMS roadmap and support timeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Holds `data.json` used for the Silverstripe CMS roadmap and support timeline
```

Author: Updated

> The other files in the repository are for validating that data.json is valid in ci

Reviewer: Please add some information about what we need to update here when we do a release.

Author: Updated
